README.md, before:

# React task list

A react-based task list application that allows users to create tasks, mark tasks as completed or uncompleted and delete tasks.

## Features

-   Create tasks by typing in the input and clicking the add button or pressing the Enter key.
-   Mark tasks as completed or uncompleted.
-   Persist task list in local storage.
-   Simple and intuitive user interface.

## Steps to run

Follow these steps to set up and run the task list app on your local machine:

1. Clone the repository:

    ```shell
    git clone https://github.com/zelalemgetahun9374/Todo-list.git

    ```

2. Install the dependencies:

    For npm users

    ```shell
    npm install
    ```

    For yarn users

    ```shell
    yarn
    ```

3. Start the development server:

    For npm users

    ```shell
    npm run dev
    ```

    For yarn users

    ```shell
    yarn dev
    ```

4. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:5173/` to access the app.

## Usage

-   Type in the input field and click the add button or press the Enter key to create a new task
-   Click the task name or circle checkbox to mark a task as completed or uncompleted
-   Click the red delete icon to delete a task

## Technologies Used

-   HTML/CSS
-   Tailwind Css
-   React
-   TypeScript
-   Vite
    A README explaining how to run the code

Commit message:

updated description and added link to the deployed application.

README.md, after:

# React task list

A react-based task list application that allows users to create tasks, mark tasks as completed or uncompleted and delete tasks.

## Deployed app link

[React task list](https://react-todo-tasks-list.netlify.app/)

## Features

-   Create tasks by typing in the input and clicking the add button or pressing the Enter key.
-   Mark tasks as completed or uncompleted.
-   Persist task list in local storage.
-   Filter tasks which are completed, not completed or all tasks
-   Simple and intuitive user interface.

## Steps to run

Follow these steps to set up and run the task list app on your local machine:

1. Clone the repository:

    ```shell
    git clone https://github.com/zelalemgetahun9374/Todo-list.git

    ```

2. Install the dependencies:

    For npm users

    ```shell
    npm install
    ```

    For yarn users

    ```shell
    yarn
    ```

3. Start the development server:

    For npm users

    ```shell
    npm run dev
    ```

    For yarn users

    ```shell
    yarn dev
    ```

4. Open your browser and navigate to `http://localhost:5173/` to access the app.

## Usage

-   Type in the input field and click the add button or press the Enter key to create a new task
-   Click the task name or circle checkbox to mark a task as completed or uncompleted
-   Click the red delete icon to delete a task
-   Filter the tasks by clicking of the select options in mobile or one of the buttons in the button group in tablet and desktop sizes 

## Technologies Used

-   HTML/CSS
-   Tailwind Css
-   React
-   TypeScript
-   Vite
    A README explaining how to run the code
